Add documentation to the plugins. (#888)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/scheduling/picker/maxscore/README.md

# Max Score Picker

**Type:** `max-score-picker`

Selects the endpoint(s) with the highest score calculated during the scoring phase.

> [!NOTE]

> > This plugin is framework-injected by default if no other picker is specified. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This plugin is enabled by default if no other picker is specified. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.
```
